# cpp-ATM
ATM Simulator System is based on a concept of managing cash transactions of a personal account. Before stepping into the dashboard a user has to pass through a login/pin system to get access, then the user can manage amount activities such as withdrawal, deposits, balance inquiry, and fund transfers. There’s a quick cash feature from the withdrawal option. This ATM Simulator has exact the same features as that of real ATM.

Talking about the features of ATM Simulator System, let us take an example of real-time ATM system where a user has to enter a card then the pin number to access his/her account. Just like that, this system as contains the similar, at first the system asks to insert a card and press enter, then only the user has to enter his/her account and pin number. After matching the user’s account and pin number, he/she can proceed towards the main menu and user the atm features. At first, the user can withdraw the amount. Inside this section, there are various categories which include checkings, savings, and quick cash.

From savings and checkings, the system first displays a total amount. The user has to enter withdrawn amount then the system displays a withdrawn receipt which shows the date and time, location, transactions, amount, available amount, and card number. Quick cash feature is too easy, just like the real ATM this feature also has the same function. Meaning, the user just has to enter a certain amount and it will be withdrawn really quick. Just like withdrawing option, deposit section also contains various categories. This includes savings and checkings. Here the user just has to enter an amount and the entered amount will be deposited. Another feature is about balance inquiry, it lets the user check his/her total remaining balance.
